












Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Company
                                    Company
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            News
                                                    
June 22, 2022


Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100











Deutsche Bank has signed up to the World Green Building Council’s (WGBC) Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment, pledging to reduce and compensate operational emissions associated with energy used to light, heat, cool and power buildings, for assets over which it has direct control.
In addition, as part of the commitment, the bank will maximise reduction of the embodied carbon emissions for owned new developments and major renovations by 2030 and compensate all residual upfront emissions. Embodied carbon emissions are those associated with the manufacture of materials, transport to and from the construction site, and processes used during the construction phase of a building or infrastructure.
Together, operational and embodied carbon emissions combined are 39 percent of global energy-related carbon emissions (28 percent from operational emissions, 11 percent from construction, according to the WGBC).
Deutsche Bank is one of seven new signatories to the Commitment, bringing the total to 169 signatories over 28 cities in six states and regions.
The WGBC is a global action network comprised of around 70 Green Building Councils around the globe, and as members of the UN Global Compact, they work with businesses, organisations and governments to support the ambitions of the Paris Agreement and the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Their aim is to transform the building and construction sector across three strategic areas: climate action; health and wellbeing; and resources and circularity. 
The Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment was launched in September 2018 at the Global Climate Action Summit and is part of WGBC’s global “Advancing Net Zero” project to accelerate the path to net zero carbon buildings to 100 percent by 2050.
Deutsche Bank now also member of EP100
Deutsche Bank has also become a member of the EP100 initiative. This is a global corporate Energy Productivity initiative led by the international non-profit Climate Group.
EP100 members are committed to doubling their energy productivity, rolling out energy management systems, or achieving net zero carbon buildings, all within set timeframes. Over 120 businesses have already committed to measuring and reporting on energy efficiency improvements, essential for the reduction in energy-related emissions needed to achieve global climate goals.  




                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Deutsche Bank Sustainability 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            7
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            



















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
July 5, 2022
Deutsche Bank publishes Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement 2021






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
July 1, 2022
Deutsche Bank Mourns the Passing of Kimberly Hammonds, A Former Member of the Management Board






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
June 1, 2022
Changes to Deutsche Bank’s Group Man­age­ment Com­mit­tee






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 19, 2022
A message from Christian Sewing, bidding farewell to Paul Achleitner and Stuart Lewis






 go to


May 18, 2022
Annual General Meeting
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
