












Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Corporate products
                                    Corporate products
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
May 19, 2022


Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings












First ever conversion of an existing supply chain finance program in Europe to a sustainability linked program
It creates an incentive for suppliers to be more sustainable
Henkel suppliers in Europe which already participate in supply chain financing with Deutsche Bank can benefit immediately

Deutsche Bank is linking the Henkel AG & Co. KGaA (Henkel) supply chain finance program to the ESG ratings of Henkel's suppliers. Deutsche Bank is the first bank in Europe to convert an existing supply chain finance program for its client. Through this program, Henkel creates incentives for its suppliers to be more sustainable.
A Henkel supplier can receive payment immediately after an invoice has been approved by Henkel. The financing costs for the suppliers are based on Henkel's creditworthiness, which means that the suppliers can usually lower their typical financing costs. By improving their ESG rating, suppliers can further reduce financing costs in the supply chain. The prerequisite for this is that they have a corresponding ESG rating.
Initially, Henkel suppliers in Europe which are integrated into the existing supply chain finance program with Deutsche Bank can benefit from the new structure. Henkel's supply chain finance program for Europe is among the largest in the industry. In a further step, the program will be expanded to include suppliers outside of Europe.
“The idea of ​​incorporating sustainability criteria into a supply chain finance program has been around for a long time. For the first time, we can now put this into practice with Henkel,” said Michael Dietz, Head of Trade Finance Flow, Deutsche Bank. “Reducing CO2 emissions in the supply chain has a major impact on a company's carbon footprint, because that's where the majority of emissions occur in most industries,” Dietz said. In addition to the environmental component (“E”), the program also takes into account social aspects (“S”) and good corporate governance (“G”). Deutsche Bank has set itself the goal of increasing the total volume of sustainable supply chain financing to 1 billion euros by the end of 2022.
“Sustainability is an integral part of Henkel's strategic growth agenda. We are convinced that sustainability-linked supply chain financing can help improve sustainability along our value chain,” said Ulrich Borgstädt, Head of Group Treasury Henkel . “This program is further evidence of Henkel's holistic approach to sustainability.” 




How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            15
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Heinrich Frömsdorf 

Deutsche Bank AG Media Relations 

+49(69)910-47680 heinrich.froemsdorf@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 13, 2022
Deutsche Bank develops its own buy now, pay later solution for e-commerce and digital marketplaces






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank partners with FinLync to provide instant access to real-time treasury for corporates






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
