












Deutsche Bank provides disclosure on financed CO2 emissions and updates on net zero target setting



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Europe
                                    Europe
                                    



Germany
                                    Germany
                                    



Capital markets
                                    Capital markets
                                    



Corporate Citizenship
                                    Corporate Citizenship
                                    



Strategy
                                    Strategy
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
March 4, 2022


Deutsche Bank provides disclosure on financed CO2 emissions and updates on net zero target setting











Deutsche Bank (XETRA: DBKGn.DB / NYSE: DB) today disclosed for the first time data on its financed greenhouse gas emissions. Using the standards established by the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials, an industry-wide initiative (PCAF Standards), Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions of the global corporate industry loan book were calculated at 30.8 million tonnes of CO2 equivalent per year (MtCO2e/y) as at year-end 2021.
The transparency provided today forms part of Deutsche Bank’s wider commitment to net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, and to provide further disclosure on financed emissions of its loan portfolio and sector-specific decarbonization targets, by the end of 2022.
Within Deutsche Bank’s corporate loan portfolio, financed emissions are concentrated in a few sectors and a very limited number of companies.
Three sectors account for around 68% of the total Scope 1 and 2 emissions: oil & gas; utilities, including power generation; and steel, metals and mining. Total lending* to these sectors as at year-end 2021 was € 17 billion, 16% of the bank’s corporate industry loan book and around 3.5% of total loans. PCAF Standards and client data indicate that around 1% of corporate industry clients account for approximately 70% of the financed emissions in the bank’s corporate industry loan book.
In 2021, financed emissions in these sectors were as follows:

Oil & gas: financed emissions of 9.7 MtCO2e/y, or 32% of overall financed emissions in the corporate industry loan portfolio, on loan exposures of € 8.2 billion
Utilities including power generation: financed emissions of 7.7 MtCO2e/y, or 25% of the corporate industry loan portfolio total, with loan exposures of € 4.5 billion;
Steel, metals & mining: financed emissions of 3.5 MtCO2e/y, 11% of the corporate industry loan portfolio’s financed emissions, on loan exposures of € 4.3 billion;

The automotive sector accounts for a relatively modest portion of Scope 1 and 2 financed emissions, but forms part of Deutsche Bank’s net zero pathway analysis due to its contribution to Scope 3 emissions. The bank’s approach and methodology by industry sector is set out in more detail in Towards Net Zero Emissions, a white paper published today. 
“These disclosures are an important step on our pathway to net zero”, said Christian Sewing, Chief Executive Officer of Deutsche Bank and Chairman of the Group Sustainability Committee. “We are absolutely committed to building on this transparency and to supporting our clients in their transition and decarbonisation efforts. We are on track in embedding carbon intensity in Deutsche Bank’s reporting, governance and risk management processes.” 
Establishing sector-specific net zero targets
Deutsche Bank re-affirms its commitment to publishing 2050 net zero targets for key carbon intensive portfolios, together with intermediate targets for 2030, by the end of 2022. The bank also reaffirms its commitment, made within the Climate Commitment of the German Financial Sector (Klima-Selbstverpflichtung des deutschen Finanzsektors), to align its credit and investment portfolios to the goals of the Paris agreement, develop mutually accepted methodologies for measuring climate impact by the end of 2022, and report annually on progress. 
By using the International Energy Agency (IEA)’s Net Zero scenario (NZE) as its benchmark, Deutsche Bank is developing net zero pathways for its overall loan portfolio, while concentrating on four particularly energy-intensive sectors driven by the following specific metrics:

Oil & gas: kg of CO2e per gigajoule (Gj) of production;
Power generation: kg of CO2e per megawatt hour;
Steel: kg of CO2e per tonne of steel produced;
Automotive: g of CO2/e per vehicle kilometre travelled (Scope 3).

Additionally, the bank will expand its disclosures beyond its loan book into other on- and off-balance sheet activities such as capital markets financing and total committed facilities.
Deutsche Bank’s fossil fuel policy prohibits the financing of new oil & gas projects in the Arctic region or oil sands projects. Furthermore, the bank’s coal policy prohibits the financing of new coal-fired power plants, and places under review the financing of energy companies which are more than 50% reliant on thermal coal to ensure they have credible diversification plans in place. The complete exit from the financing of thermal coal mining is planned by 2025.
Working with clients on pathways to net zero
Supporting clients as they define clear pathways towards meeting the goals of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change forms a core element of Deutsche Bank’s sustainability strategy.
To decarbonise its loan portfolio and other financing activities, Deutsche Bank will deploy different levers. These include providing transition financing to clients reducing their carbon footprint; rebalancing the bank’s loan portfolio towards clients who are well advanced in developing de-carbonisation plans and focused on less carbon-intensive technologies, such as renewables.
Deutsche Bank is also committed to addressing industry-wide climate-related data challenges by refining data quality through several levers: reducing reliance on proxy data; improving data quality from third party providers, and incorporating more data sourced directly from individual clients.
Working with industry partners
Deutsche Bank is actively involved in industry-wide initiatives on climate and other ESG risks, accounting and reporting standards and industry frameworks. These include:

Contributing, as a founding member of the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA), to NZBA working groups whose purpose is to develop consistent international standards to propel the implementation of decarbonization strategies
Participating, as a member of the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF), in PCAF’s Sovereign and Capital Market Instruments Working Groups as well as its Climate Data Working Group;
Participating in the Science Based Targets initiative’s (SBTi) Expert Advisory Group (EAG). This group includes representatives of financial institutions,  NGOs, and academic institutions, and advises SBTi on the development of their framework for financial institutions.

*Total loans at amortised cost before impairment allowances, period end

Read the Whitepaper 




About Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank provides retail and private banking, corporate and transaction banking, lending, asset and wealth management products and services as well as focused investment banking to private individuals, small and medium-sized companies, corporations, governments and institutional investors. Deutsche Bank is the leading bank in Germany with strong European roots and a global network.
This release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they include statements about our beliefs and expectations and the assumptions underlying them. These statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to the management of Deutsche Bank. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Such factors include the conditions in the financial markets in Germany, in Europe, in the United States and elsewhere from which we derive a substantial portion of our revenues and in which we hold a substantial portion of our assets, the development of asset prices and market volatility, potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties, the implementation of our strategic initiatives, the reliability of our risk management policies, procedures and methods, and other risks referenced in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Such factors are described in detail in our SEC Form 20-F of 12 March 2021 under the heading “Risk Factors”. Copies of this document are readily available upon request or can be downloaded from www.db.com/ir. 



                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Deutsche Bank ranked top five arranger of ESG debt in 2021
Deutsche Bank brings forward its target date for 200 billion euros of sustainable finance by two years to 2023
Deutsche Bank to end global business activities in coal mining by 2025
Deutsche Bank signs climate commitment
 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            31
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Sebastian Krämer-Bach 

Deutsche Bank AG, Media Relations 

+49(69)910-43330 sebastian.kraemer-bach@db.com 
















Charlie Olivier 

Deutsche Bank AG, Media Relations 

+44 (207) 54-57866 charlie.olivier@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
July 27, 2022
A message from Christian Sewing on Q2 results 2022






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 27, 2022
Deutsche Bank reports profit before tax of € 1.5 billion, its highest second-quarter profit since 2011






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 30, 2022
Deutsche Bank Awards for Creative Entrepreneurs announces 2022 winners






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                                    Research
                                                            
June 24, 2022
The House View Snapshot






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 21, 2022
Deutsche Bank’s Chief Administrative Officer Stefan Simon to join AFCA Board






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
June 7, 2022
Deutsche Bank selects Berlin as its latest Technology Centre location
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
