












Lift-off for BASF wind farm project



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Corporate products
                                    Corporate products
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
May 9, 2022


Lift-off for BASF wind farm project
Driven primarily by its ESG agenda, BASF mandated Deutsche Bank in a first-of-its-kind M&A and project financing deal to secure green power for its European production sites. 










Deutsche Bank has successfully advised BASF on a complex M&A and project financing transaction for the acquisition and construction of the world’s largest offshore wind farm, Hollandse Kust Zuid (HKZ).
For BASF, the world’s largest chemical producer, this is the first major investment in renewable energy and a key step in its transformation toward climate neutrality by 2050. The wind farm will generate green electricity for BASF’s production sites in Europe. HKZ will have a maximum of 140 wind turbines and will produce green electricity equivalent to the annual consumption of over two million households. Construction has already started on the wind farm, which is located in the North Sea, approximately 53 kilometers off the west coast of the Netherlands.
“This is the first time a corporate has acquired a major stake in a wind farm to secure its energy demand. Given the current macro environment, this strategy is key for corporates to facilitate independence from fossil fuels and ultimately to enable the green transition of our economy,” says Johannes Hermanns, Mergers & Acquisitions DACH at Deutsche Bank's Investment Bank.
“Given the decreasing cost per MWh we expect that offshore wind will play a larger role in the energy mix in Europe and globally. Corporates as investors and as energy off-takers will be key to enable this transition process,” adds Michael Volkermann, Head of Project Finance at Deutsche Bank's Corporate Bank. 
Key transaction details
On June 24, 2021, BASF acquired a 49.5 percent stake in Vattenfall AB’s under-construction 1.5GW offshore wind farm project.
On December 6, 2021, BASF announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell 51 percent of its stake to Allianz Capital Partners. With this transaction now complete, ACP effectively owns a 25.2 percent indirect stake in HKZ. As a part of the on-sale to ACP, BASF committed to purchase a vast majority of the power generated by the wind farm under a long-term corporate power purchase agreement.
Deutsche Bank’s role
Deutsche Bank has acted as a sole financial adviser to BASF both on the acquisition from Vattenfall with a total financial engagement for BASF of 1.6 billion euros, the subsequent sale of 51 percent of its stake to ACP and the project financing.
Deutsche Bank structured the project financing from scratch, tailoring it towards the specific project structure and client’s requirements.
  




How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            6
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Frank Hartmann 

Deutsche Bank AG Media Relations 

+49(69)910-42744 frank.hartmann@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 13, 2022
Deutsche Bank develops its own buy now, pay later solution for e-commerce and digital marketplaces






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank partners with FinLync to provide instant access to real-time treasury for corporates
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
