












Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Boards and Committees
                                    Boards and Committees
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
Frankfurt am Main, July 20, 2022


Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer











Deutsche Bank is strengthening its sustainability efforts. As Chief Sustainability Officer, Jörg Eigendorf will continue to expand the bank’s sustainability area with a view to further developing the strategy and implementing it with more intensity. As Global Head of Communications & CSR with responsibility for Sustainability, Eigendorf has played a major part in shaping the bank’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) strategy over a number of years. He will continue to report to CEO Christian Sewing.
“Sustainability is a critical success factor for our bank and a central element in our Global Hausbank strategy”, says CEO Christian Sewing. “We want to take advantage of the opportunities that are available to us in this area. At the same time, it is about continuously enhancing our controls and processes. Jörg Eigendorf has been a leading figure for some years now in driving our bank’s sustainability strategy. He is well suited to coordinate and steer this next stage across the entire bank.”
In order to be able to focus all his efforts on the bank’s sustainability strategy, Eigendorf is handing over leadership of Communications & CSR to Anke Hallmann and Sebastian Jost. So far, Hallmann was Deputy Head of Communications & CSR, Jost was Head of Group Communications. “Together with Jörg, both Anke and Sebastian have helped realign our bank’s communications over the past six years and are therefore ideally positioned to continue the successful work,” says Sewing.
At the same time, Deutsche Bank plans to coordinate its dialogue with stakeholder groups more closely. For this reason, the bank’s Political Affairs department will – together with Communications & CSR – become part of a larger area of responsibility: Corporate Affairs & Strategy. Heading up the new area will be Ben Alka, who will also continue in his role as Chief of Staff to Christian Sewing.
“As a Global Hausbank, we need an orderly dialogue and engagement with our stakeholders that is closely aligned to our strategy,” Sewing said, adding: “Ben Alka has been successfully coordinating our relations to our stakeholders for some years now and will expressly build on this in his new role.”
All the above changes will become effective on September 1, 2022.




 




About Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank provides retail and private banking, corporate and transaction banking, lending, asset and wealth management products and services as well as focused investment banking to private individuals, small and medium-sized companies, corporations, governments and institutional investors. Deutsche Bank is the leading bank in Germany with strong European roots and a global network.
This release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they include statements about our beliefs and expectations and the assumptions underlying them. These statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to the management of Deutsche Bank. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Such factors include the conditions in the financial markets in Germany, in Europe, in the United States and elsewhere from which we derive a substantial portion of our revenues and in which we hold a substantial portion of our assets, the development of asset prices and market volatility, potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties, the implementation of our strategic initiatives, the reliability of our risk management policies, procedures and methods, and other risks referenced in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Such factors are described in detail in our SEC Form 20-F of 11 March 2022 under the heading “Risk Factors”. Copies of this document are readily available upon request or can be downloaded from www.db.com/ir.
 



                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Sustainability 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            9
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Sebastian Krämer-Bach 

Deutsche Bank AG, Media Relations 

+49(69)910-43330 sebastian.kraemer-bach@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
July 1, 2022
Deutsche Bank Mourns the Passing of Kimberly Hammonds, A Former Member of the Management Board






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 21, 2022
Deutsche Bank’s Chief Administrative Officer Stefan Simon to join AFCA Board






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
