












Deutsche Bank partners with the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development in Germany



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            News
                                                    
May 10, 2022


Deutsche Bank partners with the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development in Germany











Deutsche Bank today announced it has become the first German bank to become an official network partner for the German Ocean Decade Committee, after signing a memorandum of understanding to actively support the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science and Sustainable Development (UN Ocean Decade) in Germany.

The partnership with the German Ocean Decade Committee aims to promote ocean literacy in Germany, raise awareness of the ten challenges outlined by the UN Ocean Decade and to act as a link between German and international Ocean Decade activities.
This is the latest partnership for Deutsche Bank in support of the ocean. Last year Deutsche Bank became the first bank to join the Ocean Risk and Resilience Action Alliance (ORRAA) as a full member. In February this year Deutsche Bank’s International Private Bank (IPB) opened its new Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund for global contributions.

Global Head of the IPB and CEO EMEA, Claudio de Sanctis, said: “Home to 80 percent of all life on earth, the ocean is the planet’s greatest carbon sink and absorbs 90 percent of the excess heat generated by greenhouse gas emissions. A healthy ocean is vital for a healthy planet. Like our partnership with ORRAA, Deutsche Bank is pleased to partner with the German Ocean Decade Committee to raise awareness about the ecological importance of the ocean and promote ocean conservation.”
Deutsche Bank’s IPB has made the ocean a strategic priority in its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy, and the Private Bank’s Chief Investment Office prioritises research into the ocean and biodiversity loss.
Global Head of the Private Bank’s Chief Investment Office, Markus Müller, said: “Marked by rising sea levels, pollution and biodiversity loss, the ocean and its biosphere are under severe threat. As the first German banking partner for the German Ocean Decade Committee, Deutsche Bank welcomes the opportunity to take an active role in developing ocean literacy.”
Partnering with the German Ocean Decade Committee will see Deutsche Bank and its Chief Investment Office participate in forums and share insight into the economic and investment implications of ocean health. In March, Markus Müller participated in an online forum on ocean literacy for the finance sector, hosted by UNESCO, the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission, and the Swedish Government as part of the Ocean Decade.
“Our clients tell us they want to create positive change in the world, as they create a legacy for the future. Partnering with the Ocean Decade is our commitment to supporting ocean sustainability, and helping to preserve the ocean and its biosphere for future generations,” added Claudio de Sanctis.
Photographs courtesy of Pedro Carrillo-Montero from the IPB in Spain. 




How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            11
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            



















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 9, 2022
Lift-off for BASF wind farm project
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
