












Deutsche Bank & The Development Guarantee Group sign Memorandum of Understanding to tackle climate financing gap for developing countries



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Investment Banking
                                    Investment Banking
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
January 31, 2022


Deutsche Bank & The Development Guarantee Group sign Memorandum of Understanding to tackle climate financing gap for developing countries











Deutsche Bank today announced it has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Development Guarantee Group (“DGG”).  Under the agreement, Deutsche Bank will act as an Origination Partner for the Green Guarantee Company (“GGC”), which will be managed by DGG. GGC is a specialist guarantor for climate mitigation and adaptation projects in developing countries. 
Claire Coustar, global head of ESG FIC, Deutsche Bank said: “As we work towards the critical goal of keeping warming to 1.5 degrees, there is a real need for greater mobilisation of private capital to emerging and developing countries. The guarantees that the GGC provides make green bonds and loans issued to finance green projects in developing countries investment grade, and therefore more compelling to a broader group of global investors.”
She continued: “As a founding signatory to the Net Zero Banking Alliance and contributor to the GFANZ taskforce ‘Mobilising Private Capital to EM&DCs’, Deutsche Bank understands the transition funding needs present in the global emerging markets. We look forward to our partnership with the Green Guarantee Company to facilitate access to long-term, cost efficient funding for our clients.”
Lasitha Perera, Co-Founder, The Development Guarantee Group said: “We are delighted to be partnering with Deutsche Bank and to benefit from its extensive experience in delivering innovative financing solutions for its clients in emerging and developing countries as well as global institutional investors. Climate-related infrastructure in global emerging markets represents a significant opportunity for global institutional investors.”
She added “However, this opportunity remains relatively unexplored due to a perception of risk that is usually higher than the actual reality on the ground. Addressing this information asymmetry by providing guarantees to global institutional investors is how the Green Guarantee Company is looking to work with Deutsche Bank to close the existing climate finance gap and contribute to protecting our planet.”
Please use the contacts on the right, or:
The Development Guarantee Group           Media RelationsMaria-Pia KellyCommunications Manager 




About Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank provides retail and private banking, corporate and transaction banking, lending, asset and wealth management products and services as well as focused investment banking to private individuals, small and medium-sized companies, corporations, governments and institutional investors. Deutsche Bank is the leading bank in Germany with strong European roots and a global network.
This release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they include statements about our beliefs and expectations and the assumptions underlying them. These statements are based on plans, estimates and projections as they are currently available to the management of Deutsche Bank. Forward-looking statements therefore speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events.
By their very nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could therefore cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement.
Such factors include the conditions in the financial markets in Germany, in Europe, in the United States and elsewhere from which we derive a substantial portion of our revenues and in which we hold a substantial portion of our assets, the development of asset prices and market volatility, potential defaults of borrowers or trading counterparties, the implementation of our strategic initiatives, the reliability of our risk management policies, procedures and methods, and other risks referenced in our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Such factors are described in detail in our SEC Form 20-F of 21 March 2021 under the heading “Risk Factors”. Copies of this document are readily available upon request or can be downloaded from  www.db.com/ir 
About the Development Guarantee Group
The Development Guarantee Group (“DGG”) was founded by Boo Hock Khoo, Jean-Pierre Sweerts and Lasitha Perera and includes Cardano Development as an institutional shareholder, thereby uniting the collective experience of a global network of experts in setting up and running guarantee companies and programmes focused on addressing development challenges globally.
The Development Guarantee Group is the world’s first dedicated guarantee platform with the mission to design, develop and operate guarantee solutions and companies that can effectively mobilise private sector capital towards funding development and sustainability challenges.
The first company housed under the Development Guarantee Group is the Green Guarantee Company (“GGC”), which is a specialist guarantor for climate mitigation and adaptation projects in developing countries. It aims to help corporate and sub-national borrowers access long-term hard currency debt capital from the international bond markets with its guarantee. 



                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Deutsche Bank Investment Bank 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            2
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Alexandra Umpleby-Walker 

Deutsche Bank AG, Media Relations 

+44 (0)7769 958023 alexandra.umpleby-walker@db.com 
















Investor Relations 

+49 800 910-8000 (Frankfurt) db.ir@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
June 21, 2022
Deutsche Bank ranked No 1 in Euromoney FX Survey






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        





















Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
