












Deutsche Bank ranked top five arranger of ESG debt in 2021



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Investment Banking
                                    Investment Banking
                                    



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            News
                                                    
January 13, 2022


Deutsche Bank ranked top five arranger of ESG debt in 2021











Deutsche Bank finished 2021 as the fifth most prominent arranger of ESG debt (Dealogic, by fees), up from eighth position last year and 13th in 2019. The bank achieved a 4.6 percent market share, up from 2.2 percent in 2019, during which time it has made a dedicated effort within Origination & Advisory to focus on advising clients on issuing ESG debt via its ESG Advisory team.
Here are some of the team’s highlight transactions from 2021:

a 10 billion pound green bond for the UK Debt Management Office with Deutsche Bank acting as joint bookrunner;
the inaugural 12 billion euro green bond for the European Union – to date the largest green bond ever issued with the largest ever green bond order book. Deutsche Bank was joint bookrunner;
the 707 million US dollar senior secured green notes for JSW Hydro Energy Ltd – a highly successful debut green bond transaction for the company and debut hydro transaction from Asia. Deutsche Bank was left lead and green structuring agent;
a 500 million US dollar sustainability-linked senior notes offering for Constellium in the United States – the first sustainability-linked bond (SLB) in the metals sector and first SLB in the US high yield industrials sector. Deutsche Bank acted as left lead bookrunner, sustainability structuring advisor and sole dealer manager;
the 3.1 billion Swiss franc financing package to support Bain and Cinven’s acquisition of Lonza Speciality Ingredients, one of the largest European leveraged buyouts (LBO) in 2021, marking the first issuance of SLBs in an LBO context. Deutsche Bank acted as joint global coordinator and sustainability structurer;
Virgin Media O2 joint venture’s 1.284 billion pound sterling/US dollar senior secured notes in green format. Deutsche Bank acted as joint bookrunner and green bond structurer.

This week the ESG Advisory team published its 2022 outlook, with three trends identified for the year ahead:

The net-zero transition: the energy transition to net-zero by 2050 has 130 trillion US dollars of capital linked to it, impacting not just how energy is generated and distributed, but also on how energy is consumed. Corporates will face investor demands to communicate clear transition strategies; invest in smart infrastructure to prepare for energy-as-a-service business models; demonstrate emission reduction in the medium-long term.
The impact of ESG regulations on investments and financing: rapid growth in ESG investments is creating differing regulatory regimes, fragmenting ESG investor expectations for corporates with a cross-border investor base. Regulations standardising the definition of green in Europe could result in differentiation for “dark green” debt that is demonstrably aligned with a net-zero by 2050 objective.
The growth of ESG in private markets: as more investors turn to alternate strategies, ESG is becoming mainstream in private markets at all stages. ESG is relevant for assessing a company’s return profile, scaling decarbonization technology and demonstrating exit preparedness in mature companies.

Read the full report: ESG 2022 Outlook 




                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Deutsche Bank Investment Bank 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            14
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Alison Moody 

Deutsche Bank AG, Media Relations 

+44(207)545-7790 alison.moody@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
June 21, 2022
Deutsche Bank ranked No 1 in Euromoney FX Survey






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
