












Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            Media Release
                                                    
May 18, 2022


Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory












For new contracts worth more than 500,000 euros a year, the bank will only work with vendors with an adequately high ESG rating 
Cooperation with ESG rating agency EcoVadis  

Deutsche Bank is taking a further step toward placing sustainability at the heart of all its business activities. Starting in July this year, every new or extended contract worth over 500,000 euros a year will require an external vendor sustainability rating from EcoVadis or another eligible rating agency. These are: MSCI ESG, Sustainalytics, ISS ESG, S&P Global und CDP.   
Deutsche Bank spends more than 8 billion euros a year on products and services from third-party vendors and aims to use its significant purchasing power to drive greater ESG accountability and transparency across the supply chain and to ensure that all suppliers meet the highest environmental, social and governance (ESG) requirements.
As each supplier also has a network of interconnected suppliers, the policy should create a ripple effect, according to Alf Noto, Chief Procurement Officer at Deutsche Bank.  
“Sustainability is a collective responsibility,” Noto says. “We want to collaborate with suppliers to help make a positive impact to extend the reach and impact of our ESG footprint.” 
Suppliers will need to register with EcoVadis to undergo ESG assessment. The agency’s comprehensive rating is based on a confidential sustainability questionnaire and evidence. The process gives companies a score out of 100. This will help suppliers identify improvement areas and allows them to use their ESG rating with other customers. 
From the beginning of 2023, it will no longer suffice for Deutsche Bank suppliers to have undergone ESG assessment. From this date onwards, the bank will only grant new contracts worth over 500,000 euros a year to vendors who have an adequately high sustainability rating – in the case of EcoVadis, this means achieving at least 25 of the 100 possible points. 
The EcoVadis partnership follows the recent launch of the revised Supplier Code of Conduct which sets out the bank’s expectations for suppliers and reflects its ESG principles. The bank said in May 2020 that it aims to facilitate over 200 billion euros in sustainable finance and investments and has since moved this target forward twice to end 2022, three years earlier than originally planned. 
“Global Procurement is a great example of how we are moving from ambition to impact and partnering with our vendors to cover our whole value chain,” said Jörg Eigendorf, Head of Sustainability at Deutsche Bank.  “This is a big step to gradually improve the sustainability of our value chain.”
A number of ESG rating agencies have recently recognised the bank’s progress. EcoVadis commended the bank for being “proactive” in sustainable procurement, while CDP raised the bank’s climate change score from C to B. Credit ratings provider S&P Global scored Deutsche Bank 60 points, putting it back in the Dow Jones Sustainability Europe Index. Sustainalytics and WWF both upgraded their ratings.  




How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            12
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            













Frank Hartmann 

Deutsche Bank AG Media Relations 

+49(69)910-42744 frank.hartmann@db.com 






















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 10, 2022
Deutsche Bank partners with the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development in Germany






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 9, 2022
Lift-off for BASF wind farm project
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
