












Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund opens for contributions



























open navigation





close Navigation






 

       Skip to main content    




                                    Media
                              



                                    Careers
                              



                                    Investor Relations
                              



                                    Research
                              



                                    #PositiveImpact
                              



                                    Responsibility
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Home





      Skip main navigation    







Deutsche Bank



                                                                    Corporates/Institutions
                                                             



                                                                    Private Clients
                                                             



                                                                    Client logins
                                                             



                                                                    Locations
                                                             









Home







                                                            What we do
                                                    




                                                                                                    Products and services
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            DWS
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Investment Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Private Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Client logins
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Locations worldwide
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Mobile services
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Awards
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Responsibility
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Sustainability
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Society
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Art, Culture & Sports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Reports
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Sustainability Deep Dive
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Focus topics
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Cloud
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Corporate Venture Capital
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Deutsche Bank at COP26
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Innovation Network
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Who we are
                                                    




                                                                                                    Strategy
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Our culture
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Diversity & Inclusion
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            HR Report
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Global network
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Addresses and contact
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Boards and committees
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Management Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Committees of the Supervisory Board
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    History
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Historical Institute
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            History of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical publications
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Frequently asked questions
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Historical Association of Deutsche Bank
                                                                                                                                      









                                                            Media
                                                    




                                                                                                    Deutsche Bank news
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Events
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Social Media
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            All social media channels
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Netiquette
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Videos
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Focus Topics
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    Images
                                                                                              



                                                                                                    #dbVoices
                                                                                              






                                                            What Next
                                                    




                                                                                                    Responsible Growth
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            Are sustainable cities a solution to climate change?
                                                                                                                                      


Will greater investment in water resources make for a more sustainable future?



                                                                                                                                            Will Covid-19 be an opportunity or threat to sustainable development?
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Digital Disruption
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            AI in banking and business – what can it do and who stands to gain?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Banks or Fintechs – Who will be shaping the future of the financial industry?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            Cash, card, crypto: how the way you pay will affect your life
                                                                                                                                      






                                                                                                    Entrepreneurial Success
                                                                                              




                                                                                                                                            What does it take to make bold moves in business?
                                                                                                                                      



                                                                                                                                            How can companies and decision-makers reset for growth beyond corona virus?
                                                                                                                                      





















Themen:



Sustainability
                                    Sustainability
                                    





                                                            News
                                                    
February 23, 2022


Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund opens for contributions
First announced at COP26, the Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund is now open for contributions 

















Deutsche Bank today announced that the Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund, its new philanthropic fund dedicated to ocean conservation and coastal resilience, is now open for contributions globally.







Introduced last November at COP26, the philanthropic fund is the first of its kind set up by a financial institution, giving donors the opportunity to support Nature-based Solutions (NbS) for ocean conservation efforts through a dedicated international framework to facilitate donations.
According to a research report from Deutsche Bank’s CIO Office called Coastlines in Crisis, coastal resilience measures to counter climate change will require significant investment, estimated to be up to 500 billion US dollars by 2050.
Deutsche Bank Global Head of the International Private Bank and CEO for Europe, the Middle East and Africa Claudio de Sanctis said: “We are committed to supporting ocean conservation and a sustainable blue economy. With the establishment of our Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund, we are excited to give clients the opportunity to help secure a better, more sustainable future for one of the world’s most precious resources, our oceans.”
The Deutsche Bank Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund will focus on advancing NbS to support ocean conservation and restoration initiatives. The Fund’s first initiative is the Future Climate Coral Bank, a research project in the Maldives led by the Maldives Coral Institute that aims to identify coral species that are resilient to climate change and conserve them in a living gene bank.
An estimated 50 per cent of coral reefs have been destroyed by human activity and scientists predict a 1.5 degree temperature rise threatens up to 90 per cent of the world’s reefs by 2050, due to heatwaves. The coral gene bank project in the Maldives will help the nation of islands to monitor and repair its reefs naturally, and ultimately help scientists to heal and strengthen coral reefs around the world.
IPB Head of Wealth Planning and Philanthropy, Jacqueline Valouch said: “The Fund provides a philanthropy framework for directing much needed capital to projects that support ocean restoration and resilience globally, helping to protect ocean habitats for future generations.”
The bank has committed an initial 300,000 US dollars to launch the Fund and aims to raise up to 5 million US dollars within five years.
Administered by the Charities Aid Foundation (CAF), the Fund is a Donor Advised Fund (DAF), which is a charitable fund that allows an entity or individual to make irrevocable gifts that can then be distributed to charitable causes they care about.
Deutsche Bank is a founding member of the Net-Zero Banking Alliance and was the first bank to join the Ocean Risk and Resilience Action Alliance (ORRAA) as a full member last year.
Clients interested in contributing to the Fund as part of a tailored philanthropy plan should contact our Head of Wealth Planning and Philanthropy, Jacqueline Valouch. More information on how to become a donor is available on deutschewealth.com. 




                                                                    Further links on the topic
                                                                

Deutsche Bank launches new Ocean Resilience Philanthropy Fund
United Nations – Net-Zero Banking Alliance
Maldives Coral Institute
Ocean Risk and Resilience Action Alliance 



How helpful was this article?

















Click on the stars to send a rating
Send
 
Successful
Failure
 



                                                          Skip contact
                                                    










0
                                                                                            Rating(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                            19
                                                                                                                                        Like(s)
                                                                                    












                                                                                    Share
                                                                            



















            pause
        

                            Related Content
                    





 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
July 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank bolsters sustainability activities – Jörg Eigendorf appointed new Chief Sustainability Officer






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 22, 2022
Deutsche Bank signs Net Zero Carbon Buildings Commitment and joins EP100






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
June 8, 2022
How sustainable cities can be a solution to climate change






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 20, 2022
Deutsche Bank joins RE100 commitment to renewable electricity






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 19, 2022
Deutsche Bank links Henkel supply chain financing to  ESG ratings






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Out now: our “ESG Quarterly” newsletter






 go to

                                                                    Media Release
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Deutsche Bank makes vendor sustainability ratings mandatory






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 18, 2022
Meet our ESG experts: Lavinia Bauerochse






 go to

                                                                    News
                                                            
May 10, 2022
Deutsche Bank partners with the United Nations Decade of Ocean Science for Sustainable Development in Germany
















         Skip footer      



                      back to top
                  





                                    Imprint
                              



                                    Legal resources
                              



                                    Data protection
                              



                                    Accessibility
                              



                                    Sitemap
                              



                                    Contact
                              




Copyright © 2022  Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main





































































          close        






















                                DE
                            

                                Deutsch
                            




Sitemap



Sitemap




Contact




                                Kontakt
                            




Share
















 
