








Accelerating development of clean-tech startups – the Solar Impulse Foundation and BNP Paribas in Stockholm - BNP Paribas






































Go to navigation
Go to content














Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







BNP Paribas worldwide
Online Banking
Contacts


















The bank for a changing world





The Group

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group





The BNP Paribas Group
Find here the essentials on BNP Paribas: governance, strategy, organisation and key figures.
Find out more





About us

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us

About us



Company purpose


2025 Strategic plan


Governance

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / Governance

Governance



Board of Directors


General Management and the Executive Committee


Compliance





BNP Paribas Foundation

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / BNP Paribas Foundation

BNP Paribas Foundation






Company history





Our businesses and expertise

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise

Our businesses and expertise



Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise / Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services






Investment & Protection Services


Corporate & Institutional Banking





At the service of our clients and society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society

At the service of our clients and society



Innovative solutions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Innovative solutions

Innovative solutions






Supporting transitions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Supporting transitions

Supporting transitions






Commitments to society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Commitments to society

Commitments to society

















                                                                    Group's 2021 Integrated Report
                                                            
READ THE INTEGRATED REPORT











News & Mediaroom
News
Mediaroom






News & Mediaroom
Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.





News

Menu / News

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
News


Group
Innovation
Sustainable finance
Diversity and inclusion
Corporate philanthropy
See more news




Mediaroom

Menu / Mediaroom

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
Mediaroom


Press releases
Media library
Spokespeople
Contacts












        Press release

2022-07-29
BNP Paribas Group: Results as at 30 June 2022











Careers

Menu / Careers





Careers
Our ambition ? To build a sustainable future. But we can’t do that without you!
Discover





Want to be part of the change?


Why Join BNP Paribas


Choosing the right job for me


Let's prepare to apply




Choose your profile


I am a student


I am a young professional


I am an experienced professional





                                                                Find my future job
                                                            

                                                                Match my CV
                                                                


                                                                My candidate space
                                                                










You are

Menu / You are



Investor, shareholder




Job applicant




Corporate, Institutional




Individual, professional




Employee




Supplier




Journalist






en

FRDisplay the page in french









Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant






Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







FR
EN






                            Click to display the search engine
                            




Toggle navigation



















What are you searching?

Search results are displayed below, activate this link to erase and restart the search


Close search















What are you searching?
Click to display the search engine

















 Home
 


 News
 


 Sustainable finance
 


 Accelerating development of clean-tech startups – the Solar Impulse Foundation and BNP Paribas...
 










                                                Sustainable finance
                                            


Accelerating development of clean-tech startups – the Solar Impulse Foundation and BNP Paribas in Stockholm

                                        Published on 25.02.2022
                                    















The commercial launch of The BNP Paribas Solar Impulse Venture Fund attracted high profile Swedish investors in Stockholm, Sweden, on February 16th. Both Bertrand Piccard, Founder and Initiator of the Solar Impulse Foundation, and Christophe Lenouvel, Head of BNP Paribas Principal Investments and Chairman of the asset management company BNP Paribas Agility Capital, attended meetings with environmentally conscious investors looking for both financial returns and positive impacts on climate change.










Previous article
Fighting deforestation: Forest 500 Report ranks BNP Paribas as the...








Next article
Biodiversity & open innovation: the TNFD releases beta framework...















“I heard Bertrand Piccard speak at an event in Berlin around 10 years ago, when he was planning the Solar Flight around the world”, says Nalini Bonnier, Head of Family offices and Entrepreneurs in the Nordics, BNP Paribas. “It was a strong message. I wanted our Swedish clients to have a chance to hear his vision and to take part in our initiative to accelerate the development of high potential clean-tech startups involved in the ecological transition.”The energy transition in Sweden








Sweden is an early adopter to the energy transition theme. For example, it was one of the first countries in the world to impose a carbon tax already back in 1991. Since then, many countries have followed suite.“Sweden is considered a global leader in many areas of sustainability,” says Eirik Winter,CEO and Head of Nordic region, BNP Paribas CIB. "Many Swedish clients have already issued sustainability linked and green bonds. We are also advising and financing leading companies with cutting-edge technologies in the sustain-tech sector.”





"Sweden is a global leader in sustainability. Many Swedish clients have already issued sustainability linked and green bonds. We are also advising and financing leading companies with cutting-edge technologies in the sustain-tech sector. "














“Sweden is in many ways a role model for the rest
of the world. I really believe that a carbon tax in combination with support
for clean tech companies is the best way to move forward.”





Bertrand Piccard
Founder of the Solar Impulse Foundation












Bertrand Piccard talked about the more than 1000 profitable solutions to protect the environment, which his Solar Impulse Foundation has labelled. He is already planning to return to Stockholm in early June to attend the UN Environmental conference, "Stockholm 50+: a healthy planet for the prosperity of all – our responsibility, our opportunity”. The conference is a commemoration of the first ever UN Environmental conference hosted by the former Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme in 1972. The serial explorer and clean technology pioneer, who is known to be critical of the continued use of old and environmentally harmful technologies, explains the purpose of the Solar Impulse Efficient Solution Label: “ We want to show that investing in new and clean technologies makes both economic and ecological sense, fostering qualitative growth rather than just the quantitative and often harmful growth for the nature which we still see today. It is not only a financial matter. It is the mindset which needs to be changed.”











Accelerating the ecological transition alongside Solar Impulse  The BNP Paribas Solar Impulse Venture Fund aims to invest EUR 150 million in high potential growth startups involved in the ecological transition, with the objective of accelerating their development and significantly changing their scale. The geographic scope will include Europe and North America. Target sectors will include clean energy, sustainable food and agriculture, circular economy & ocean, smart cities, sustainable mobility, and industrial innovation.BNP Paribas has been an investor in startups, which have an impact on energy transition since 2016 and continues to support cleantech startups, committing EUR 75 million of its own capital to this VC fund, the remainder being open to professional investors sharing the same ambition.













        Sustainable finance

2021-05-27

                            Cleantech: BNP Paribas and Solar Impulse are launching an investment fund dedicated to startups
                        





 




 







" BNP Paribas  is happy to team up with Solar Impulse in favor of the Ecological Transition"








According to Christophe Lenouvel, “Accelerating our support to startups of the Ecological Transition through the launch of this fund by BNP Paribas Agility Capital with the Solar Impulse Foundation is a great opportunity. Our venture capital team dedicated to greentech, within BNP Paribas Principal Investments, is very happy to team up with Solar Impulse, and thus to combine our expertise and our networks in favor of the Ecological Transition.” “There is a considerable demand amongst the younger generation of Nordic investors to attain both financial returns and to make investments which improve the environment. These investors do not only look at old-fashioned returns like IRR (Internal Rate of Return). They expect us to be able to measure an Impact Rate of Return for the environment as well”, says Nalini Bonnier









BNP Paribas supports the transition to sustainability












                Supporting transitions
            
As the leading bank of the European Union and... 


Learn more
 

 










Net-zero: energy transition and climate action

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        At the heart of BNP Paribas Group’s company purpose is its ambition to become a leader in...
                        

Learn more





 










Responsible savings and investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        In choosing to invest their money responsibly, citizens and economic actors help to finance...
                        

Learn more





 










Photo credit: Girgory Bruev





















Share this page!





Twitter





LinkedIn





Facebook





WhatsApp





Messenger












Send this page by e-mail





Print this page




















Read more
All news










        Corporate philanthropy

2021-12-07

                            Exploring the dance of the past and the future with the BNP Paribas Foundation
                        





 



 









        Corporate philanthropy

2021-12-21

                            The BNP Paribas Foundation and jazz, 25 years of passion and fidelity
                        





 



 









        Corporate philanthropy

2022-06-20

                            The BNP Paribas Foundation strengthens its commitment to the integration of refugees
                        





 



 













Keep in touch and receive our newsletter!

Select your topics of interest and frequency of delivery.



                        Subscribe here
                    













BNP Paribas offers global financial services and solutions to serve our clients and employees in a changing world.


Cotation
45.860€ -0.30%
2022-08-01 17:35 (Paris time)




BNP Paribas at a glance

Our company purpose
Our activities
Our corporate Governance
Our actions
Join us!



Publications

All publications
Annual Reports
Code of Conduct
Financial documentation



Direct Access

Our news
Our press releases
Our job offers
Our websites
PSD2 APIs store



Follow us on




Twitter





Linkedin





Youtube





Instagram



















The bank for a changing world






Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant
© BNP Paribas - 2022






 




