








Impact bonds or how to promote inclusion and equal opportunities - BNP Paribas






































Go to navigation
Go to content














Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







BNP Paribas worldwide
Online Banking
Contacts


















The bank for a changing world





The Group

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group





The BNP Paribas Group
Find here the essentials on BNP Paribas: governance, strategy, organisation and key figures.
Find out more





About us

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us

About us



Company purpose


2025 Strategic plan


Governance

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / Governance

Governance



Board of Directors


General Management and the Executive Committee


Compliance





BNP Paribas Foundation

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / BNP Paribas Foundation

BNP Paribas Foundation






Company history





Our businesses and expertise

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise

Our businesses and expertise



Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise / Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services






Investment & Protection Services


Corporate & Institutional Banking





At the service of our clients and society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society

At the service of our clients and society



Innovative solutions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Innovative solutions

Innovative solutions






Supporting transitions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Supporting transitions

Supporting transitions






Commitments to society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Commitments to society

Commitments to society

















                                                                    Group's 2021 Integrated Report
                                                            
READ THE INTEGRATED REPORT











News & Mediaroom
News
Mediaroom






News & Mediaroom
Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.





News

Menu / News

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
News


Group
Innovation
Sustainable finance
Diversity and inclusion
Corporate philanthropy
See more news




Mediaroom

Menu / Mediaroom

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
Mediaroom


Press releases
Media library
Spokespeople
Contacts












        Press release

2022-07-29
BNP Paribas Group: Results as at 30 June 2022











Careers

Menu / Careers





Careers
Our ambition ? To build a sustainable future. But we can’t do that without you!
Discover





Want to be part of the change?


Why Join BNP Paribas


Choosing the right job for me


Let's prepare to apply




Choose your profile


I am a student


I am a young professional


I am an experienced professional





                                                                Find my future job
                                                            

                                                                Match my CV
                                                                


                                                                My candidate space
                                                                










You are

Menu / You are



Investor, shareholder




Job applicant




Corporate, Institutional




Individual, professional




Employee




Supplier




Journalist






en

FRDisplay the page in french









Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant






Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







FR
EN






                            Click to display the search engine
                            




Toggle navigation



















What are you searching?

Search results are displayed below, activate this link to erase and restart the search


Close search















What are you searching?
Click to display the search engine

















 Home
 


 News
 


 Sustainable finance
 


 Impact bonds or how to promote inclusion and equal opportunities
 










                                                Sustainable finance
                                            


Impact bonds or how to promote inclusion and equal opportunities

                                        Published on 05.07.2022
                                    















Empowering everyone to find their place in society, regardless of their vulnerability, is essential to living together. Explanations with Maha Keramane, Head of the Positive Impact Business Accelerator at BNP Paribas.










Previous article
Geopolitics and the climate emergency: a special edition of...








Next article
The Low-Carbon Transition Group: supporting our customers in their...

















At BNP Paribas, we have been pursuing an active policy in favour of diversity, equal opportunities and inclusion since 2004. This is why we are pioneers of impact bonds, which are making a real difference on the ground.










The Positive Impact Business Accelerator was launched in August 2021. What is its role? 
Maha Keramane: It was created to group together activities with a strong positive impact, of course, but which are also very innovative and atypical. It coordinates the Group’s impact investing and financing strategy and develops four particular types of activities: Impact bonds;Proprietary impact investing;Support of the business lines in developing a dedicated approach towards impact entrepreneurs;Deployment of the MESIS impact measurement methodology. Its creation reflects a double change of scale: it consolidates previously experimental activities and benefits from strengthened resources. I manage a team of nine people, and the Group has allocated a proprietary impact investment budget of €200m to support three themes: social, natural capital and local development.
                    



















Financial and social inclusion

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        As a major player in favour of a fairer and more inclusive society, the Group is deploying...
                        

Learn more





 








Among your activities, impact bonds are the first subject that BNP Paribas has taken a position on. What do they consist of and how did the Group put them in place? M.K.: An
impact bond is a partnership between the public authorities, the private sector
and the Social and Solidarity Economy (French ESS, or third sector) intended to
promote the emergence of innovative social or environmental projects. The very
first bond, launched in 2010 by the British Ministry of Justice to reduce the
risk of repeat offences by detainees upon release from prison, was a resounding
success that transformed public policy. Inspired by this initiative, BNP
Paribas launched its first impact bond in the United States in 2015. When the
French Government announced a first call for projects in 2016 to launch social
impact bonds in France, we were already prepared and structured the first
prototype of its kind with Adie (main French microfinance institution and
partner of the Group since 1995)!Pioneers in the field, we are also leaders in France: we play both the roles of structurer and investor. Building on our expertise, the European Investment Fund (EIF) asked us to co-build a fund dedicated to scaling this type of product in Europe.





"An impact bond is a partnership between the public authorities, the private sector and the Social and Solidarity Economy (French ESS, or third sector) intended to promote the emergence of innovative social or environmental projects."















You must accept the "Social media and content sharing cookies" to see this content.
Cookies settings





Interview of Maha Keramane, produced in 2019.

Since then, some impact bonds mentioned in this video have expired and new ones have been launched.









How is this scaling up being carried out?M.K.: Through quantity, size and diversification. There are more and more impact bonds and they relate to larger projects. Above all, while they were previously limited to social issues, their scope has been extended to environmental and development topics as well.We won the first development impact bond launched by France to fight against menstrual precariousness with a pilot programme in Ethiopia. We also work alongside the Fondation d’Auteuil in the Loire-Atlantique and Gironde French departments to avoid placing vulnerable children in foster care, and we have 15 projects in the process of being structured, including projects in circular economy. These are just a few examples among many others!













        Sustainable finance

2022-05-09

                            Microfinance: The first social performance report highlights BNP Paribas' commitments
                        





 




 











Follow Maha Keramane on LinkedIn


 follow  














Find Maha Keramane's interview and other experts' points of view in our 2021 integrated Report.read the report






 























Share this page!





Twitter





LinkedIn





Facebook





WhatsApp





Messenger












Send this page by e-mail





Print this page




















Read more
All news










        Group

2021-06-29

                            BNP Paribas joins the Generation Equality Forum and continues the Agrifed programme initiated with HeForShe
                        





 



 









        Diversity and inclusion

2022-03-08

                            Bringing women closer to Tech: our challenge for equality and performance
                        





 



 









        Diversity and inclusion

2022-06-27

                            Promoting inclusion and equal opportunities: interview with Forest Whitaker
                        





 



 













Keep in touch and receive our newsletter!

Select your topics of interest and frequency of delivery.



                        Subscribe here
                    













BNP Paribas offers global financial services and solutions to serve our clients and employees in a changing world.


Cotation
45.860€ -0.30%
2022-08-01 17:35 (Paris time)




BNP Paribas at a glance

Our company purpose
Our activities
Our corporate Governance
Our actions
Join us!



Publications

All publications
Annual Reports
Code of Conduct
Financial documentation



Direct Access

Our news
Our press releases
Our job offers
Our websites
PSD2 APIs store



Follow us on




Twitter





Linkedin





Youtube





Instagram



















The bank for a changing world






Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant
© BNP Paribas - 2022






 




