








Supporting the transition, as close as possible to our customers - BNP Paribas






































Go to navigation
Go to content














Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







BNP Paribas worldwide
Online Banking
Contacts


















The bank for a changing world





The Group

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group





The BNP Paribas Group
Find here the essentials on BNP Paribas: governance, strategy, organisation and key figures.
Find out more





About us

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us

About us



Company purpose


2025 Strategic plan


Governance

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / Governance

Governance



Board of Directors


General Management and the Executive Committee


Compliance





BNP Paribas Foundation

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / About us / BNP Paribas Foundation

BNP Paribas Foundation






Company history





Our businesses and expertise

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise

Our businesses and expertise



Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / Our businesses and expertise / Commercial, Personal Banking & Services

Commercial, Personal Banking & Services






Investment & Protection Services


Corporate & Institutional Banking





At the service of our clients and society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society

At the service of our clients and society



Innovative solutions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Innovative solutions

Innovative solutions






Supporting transitions

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Supporting transitions

Supporting transitions






Commitments to society

Menu / The BNP Paribas Group / At the service of our clients and society / Commitments to society

Commitments to society

















                                                                    Group's 2021 Integrated Report
                                                            
READ THE INTEGRATED REPORT











News & Mediaroom
News
Mediaroom






News & Mediaroom
Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.





News

Menu / News

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
News


Group
Innovation
Sustainable finance
Diversity and inclusion
Corporate philanthropy
See more news




Mediaroom

Menu / Mediaroom

Our financial results, business activites, solutions and recent sustainable finance initiatives: news, analysis and viewpoints.
Mediaroom


Press releases
Media library
Spokespeople
Contacts












        Press release

2022-07-29
BNP Paribas Group: Results as at 30 June 2022











Careers

Menu / Careers





Careers
Our ambition ? To build a sustainable future. But we can’t do that without you!
Discover





Want to be part of the change?


Why Join BNP Paribas


Choosing the right job for me


Let's prepare to apply




Choose your profile


I am a student


I am a young professional


I am an experienced professional





                                                                Find my future job
                                                            

                                                                Match my CV
                                                                


                                                                My candidate space
                                                                










You are

Menu / You are



Investor, shareholder




Job applicant




Corporate, Institutional




Individual, professional




Employee




Supplier




Journalist






en

FRDisplay the page in french









Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant






Instagram page of BNP Paribas





Twitter page of BNP Paribas





LinkedIn page of BNP Paribas





Youtube page of BNP Paribas







FR
EN






                            Click to display the search engine
                            




Toggle navigation



















What are you searching?

Search results are displayed below, activate this link to erase and restart the search


Close search















What are you searching?
Click to display the search engine

















 Home
 


 News
 


 Sustainable finance
 


 Supporting the transition, as close as possible to our customers
 










                                                Sustainable finance
                                            


Supporting the transition, as close as possible to our customers

                                        Published on 12.07.2022
                                    















By making the expertise of its different business lines available to support the numerous transitions currently underway, the Group is taking action for finance that is more just and sustainable. Meeting with Aymeric Olibet, Sustainable Business Advisor at BNP Paribas Fortis, who discusses BNP Paribas Fortis’ commitment alongside companies to support them through their transition to more sustainable models.










Previous article
The Low-Carbon Transition Group: supporting our customers in their...








Next article
BNP Paribas client offering and longstanding net-zero transition...

















BNP Paribas Fortis launches numerous initiatives to support corporate clients in their energy transition. Why is this so important? Aymeric Olibet: After more than a century and a half of economic development focused on fossil fuels, our planet has gained around 1.1°C compared to the pre-industrial era, causing a proliferation of climate catastrophes and their disastrous consequences for people. A glimpse of what life on earth would become with a climate out of control. The Covid-19 period confirmed a trend observed for several years: economic players are taking the climate emergency into consideration. Institutions are leading the way. The European Green Deal aims for carbon neutrality in Europe by 2050, with an intermediate target of -55% by 2030. Sustainable finance is experiencing unprecedented growth: the proportion of funds under management incorporating ESG criteria could exceed US$50tn in 2025, equivalent to more than a third of assets under management worldwide. At BNP Paribas Fortis, we are taking our place in this movement. This was the purpose of the launch of the Sustainable Business Competence Centre (SBCC) in September 2018: unrivalled in Belgium, it is positioned as a preferred partner to support corporate clients in their sustainable transition. 




















        Press release

2022-05-03

                            BNP Paribas unveils its first 'climate analytics and alignment report' and carbon intensity reduction targets by 2025
                        

                                    As part of BNP Paribas’ 2025 strategic plan, the Group unveils its first ‘Climate Analytics and Alignment Report’ which will steer...
                                





 








Can you tell us about a significant operation carried out by the SBCC in 2021? A.O.: Among the 89 loan applications analysed last year, mainly in renewable energy and waste management, the Biometh Quality Product project is an emblematic example of what the SBCC supports. This industrial site integrates the principles of the circular economy into the management of biomaterials and organic waste in order to produce a certified organic fertiliser, which can replace certain chemical fertilisers. We are proud to support this project, which has the additional advantage of taking a firmly local approach: biomaterials from Wallonia are thus processed and recovered in Wallonia. 











In September 2021, BNP Paribas Fortis signed an agreement with the green strategy consulting firm Climact. What are its objectives?A.O.: Our aim is to give our customers the keys to accelerate their sustainable transition. We therefore carried out an in-depth study of needs and applied a strict selection process to ally ourselves with Climact. This firm of independent experts appeared to us to be the best partner in the market in the field of decarbonisation. From diagnosis to the implementation of comprehensive action plans, its activities are complementary to the support provided by the SBCC. 





« BNP Paribas Fortis and Climact enter into a partnership to help the bank’s corporate clients reduce their climate impact »www.bnpparibasfortis.com




















        Group

2021-12-16

                            Perspectives: a new publication on the current, major issues in sustainable finance
                        

                                    The COP26, sustainable mobility, hydrogen, carbon capture, green bonds, EU Green Taxonomy: the shifting landscape of sustainable finance...
                                





 




 








You are part of the NEST. What exactly does it consist of? A.O.: The NEST is the BNP Paribas global Network of Experts in Sustainable Transitions, headed by Wilfried Remans. It connects more than 400 specialists from all Group entities to pool their skills. Given the challenges and complexity of the sustainable transition, it is essential to import skills and expertise (which we do through the SBCC, among other things by way of partnerships or investments in themed funds such as Circularity Capital, Astanor) and then disseminate them in order to be relevant contacts for our clients, who are players in the transition. 






US$755bn

This is the total amount of investments in the energy transition made in 2021 worldwide.

I.e up by 27% compared to 2020, according to a report published by BloombergNEF (BNEF) in January 2022.















Follow Aymeric Olibet on LinkedIn


 FOLLOW  














Find Aymeric Olibet's interview and other experts points of view in our 2021 integrated Report.
read the report






 























Share this page!





Twitter





LinkedIn





Facebook





WhatsApp





Messenger












Send this page by e-mail





Print this page




















Read more
All news










        Innovation

2022-07-01

                            Innovation: offering ever more sustainable investments to our customers
                        





 



 









        Sustainable finance

2022-07-07

                            The Low-Carbon Transition Group: supporting our customers in their transition
                        





 



 









        Group

2022-07-14

                            BNP Paribas client offering and longstanding net-zero transition support recognised internationally
                        





 



 













Keep in touch and receive our newsletter!

Select your topics of interest and frequency of delivery.



                        Subscribe here
                    













BNP Paribas offers global financial services and solutions to serve our clients and employees in a changing world.


Cotation
45.860€ -0.30%
2022-08-01 17:35 (Paris time)




BNP Paribas at a glance

Our company purpose
Our activities
Our corporate Governance
Our actions
Join us!



Publications

All publications
Annual Reports
Code of Conduct
Financial documentation



Direct Access

Our news
Our press releases
Our job offers
Our websites
PSD2 APIs store



Follow us on




Twitter





Linkedin





Youtube





Instagram



















The bank for a changing world






Cookies settings
Contact us
RSS
Sitemap
Legal notices
Data Protection
Cookie policy
Accessibility : partially compliant
© BNP Paribas - 2022






 




